docs(core): update links to schema.json of @schematics/angular (#39827)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/schematics-authoring.md

</code-example>

> You can see examples of schema files for the Angular CLI command schematics in [`@schematics/angular`](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/11.0.x/packages/schematics/angular/application/schema.json).

Reviewer: Can you actually change this to point to the master branch instead?

```suggestion
You can see examples of schema files for the Angular CLI command schematics in [`@schematics/angular`](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/packages/schematics/angular/application/schema.json).
```
